Backend Plugin (#3693)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: doc/decisions/backend_plugin.md

# Backend Plugin

## Problem

- Backends store plugins in arrays which have a fixed number of slots for each plugin role. The number of plugins which can be assigned is limited,
  making it easy to reach the limit if many plugins are in use.
- As structs, backends are separate from the plugin interface and integrated into the core of Elektra. This makes it difficult to perform operations
  such as nesting plugins, or to develop other implementations for backends.

## Constraints

> - It should be possible for all existing plugins to run normally

Reviewer: We actually change the commit/rollback semantics?

```suggestion
- It should be possible for all existing plugins to run with current get/set semantics
```

Author: This file is a remnant from the original #2969. I did not yet look at it's content.

## Assumptions

## Considered Alternatives

- Multiple storage plugins within a single backend

> - Plugin containing more plugin slots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Plugin `list` containing more plugin slots
```
